This project is for predicting the monthly charge depending on the number/type of each phone related services each has. We can practice cleaning data skills, training data, and evluating data through this project.

The way we used to download the dataset from Kaggle is option B. Install the kaggle, and create the kaggle_token.json file in ~./kaggle/ and put the username and key (access token generated in account setting in kaggle) taken from your kaggle account. Then, run the 'kaggle datasets download -d carrie1/ecommerce-data' in terminal and unzip. Then, move the data file to where we want to put if we want to place it somewhere else (better to be in same directory with our jupyter notebook file to use that data file in running code in notebook).

Assume that every program or files needs to run Jupyter notebook is already installed and set up as expected. If not, install all files needs to run Jupyter notebook using terminal (generally we can download them through pip install <file_name>). To run the Jupyter notebook, we first activate a python envrionment using conda. (Command: conda activate ..conda) Install the required libraries using requirements.txt if we don't have libraries imported in the Jupyter notebook file we want to run. To run the entire codes in Jupyter notebook, we can click 'Run All' button on the top of the jupyter notebook file. If we want to run each cell seperately, we can press 'Execute Cell' button on left side of the cell.

The key finding is that it's better to use regression with multi variable if multiple features affect to a target. More findings are in finding_summary.txt.